Do you guys remember that old video of
the Star Trek ship built in Minecraft
from like 15 years ago? For me, it's one
of the most nostalgic Minecraft videos
on YouTube. The creator, Halcun, shows
off a 1:1 scale model of the USS
Enterprise D, which was insanely
impressive for the time. I mean, back
then, you couldn't even fly around in
creative, so you had to use scaffolding
to get around the build. But not many
people know that this video launched a
whole server called Trecraft, where
dedicated treers have spent the last 15
years perfecting these ships. And when I
say perfecting, I really mean it. I was
able to hop on the server and when I set
foot on the Enterprise, I was truly
blown away. The interior was fully
finished and even the pipes and wires
between the floors were accurate. I
mean, you could literally spend hours
and hours exploring this ship without
seeing everything. The scale is truly
impossible to communicate through video.
But luckily, you can actually hop on the
server to see the incredible ships
yourself. Or at least you could. The
server just shut down on New Year's Eve.
The current admin needed a break to
focus on their health. and they
expressed that until a new caretaker can
be identified, the server will be
offline [music] indefinitely. Who knows,
maybe someone watching this short will
have what it takes to continue this
incredible server's legacy. But if not,
I think it's important that we all take
a moment to appreciate this server's
accomplishments and its legendary place
in Minecraft